originally I did but
after so many
mishaps I've had
oh
you know what
love at first sight
can go sling one
I do believe in
love at first sight
just because of
love is another part
of like either friendship
or
relationship as well
that
it can bring
a positive outcome
in someone
and they kind of
you can kind of
help them to
be loved
and be secure
and comfort
probably you can do that
in friendship as well
but in a different
manner but
love can be either
relationship or
be a family member
or something or
and
I think
it was hard for me
when I was younger
because
I probably didn't believe it
at first sight
when I was younger
but as you get older
you do because
you kind of feel more
as part of life then
I think you realise
that you need someone
in your life probably
to feel that way
but I think
I don't know
I thought I felt love
at first sight
I would say
probably about
a few years ago
when I started my college
because that's why
why I want
you know college
was perfect for me
because I knew that
getting a girlfriend
today is quite
half and half
but I had a couple
of girlfriends in there
but it was just
they lived quite far away
but
yeah
I don't know
I think
finding
you know
finding love as well
at first sight
it's hard
well it is
like
I generally thought
love at first sight
was it
when I was going
through primary school
up into comp
and all that
then into college
yeah
and of course
I was kind of
I've been in
about
six maybe
seven
relationships
in total
but the one that
I don't think you met
or you might have
was
Jack
yes
that was a couple
years ago
yeah
that's when I was
living with her
for seven months
yeah
that's when I generally
thought it was love
at first sight
yeah
I know
and
as we've said
it's hard when
you're happy
and then something
bad happens to you
that you think
yeah
am I doing anything
right or wrong
I know
and they won't
even tell you
yeah
and I think
that's
I think
I'm lucky with mine
I
you know
when I
seen Kimmy
and Ponty
bus station
back
January 2017
I
well
I looked at her
but she kind of
looked down
because I think
she probably felt the same
love at first sight
we kind of knew
there was something there
so I think
that's why
we're still together now
I think
my first reaction was
and they call it
puppy love
yeah
and I think
you know
some of the people
are lucky
when you
have someone
you know
love
and
you see them first
you think
right
is that
you know
that's definitely
the girl
and that
yeah
I think
sometimes you
you know
part of life
that you might not
be lucky
you might be
you just
gotta think
positive
and just say
hey let's go for it
and if not
it don't work out
you know
yeah
because there's
plenty more fish
in the sea
as they say
yeah
but
love
is not
you know
a very powerful
source
I think
yeah
you know
for you
I think
it's a good
you know
come and go
for you
but I think
it's
I think it's
hard for you
because of
who you are
to believe
in it
and
you know
just like
so I think
I believe
it is
I thought
at one point
I grasped it
and then
out of the blue
and I was just
like
nah
I haven't grasped it
still gotta do
a few tweaks
year in May
but
I have been
doing those tweaks
yeah
but
just don't work
as much
as I was
without the tweaks